CI Visibility - Update datadog-ci setup to show all setup options (#33270)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/pipelines/custom_commands.md

npm install -g @datadog/datadog-ci
{{< /code-block >}}

> <div class="alert alert-info">For more ways to install the CLI, see <a href="https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci?tab=readme-ov-file#more-ways-to-install-the-cli">this documentation</a>.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">See <a href="https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci?tab=readme-ov-file#more-ways-to-install-the-cli">More ways to install the CLI</a> in the datadog-ci repo for alternative installation options.</div>
```
